DOCPLAN-100: Vale updates for /virt/support/virt-troubleshooting.adoc (#108585)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-viewing-logs-cli.adoc

= Viewing {VirtProductName} pod logs with the CLI

[role="_abstract"]

> To diagnose issues and monitor {VirtProductName} pods, you can view logs using the `oc` CLI tool. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To diagnose issues and monitor {VirtProductName} pods, you can view logs by using the {oc-first}. 
```

Author: Done.
